README.md, before:





## The Odin Project (Web development) Completed projects
 
* [First Project - Recipes](https://github.com/nd31pr0/odin-recipes) [basic HTML]
* [Second Project - Landing Page](https://github.com/nd31pr0/Landing_Page) [HTML | Basic CSS + flexbox]
* [Third Project](https://github.com/nd31pr0/Etch-a-Sketch) - Rock Paper Scissors [HTML | CSS | Basic JavaScript]
* [Fourth Project - Etch-a-Sketch](https://github.com/nd31pr0/Etch-a-Sketch) [HTML | CSS | Basic JavaScript + events]
* [Fifth Project - Calculator](https://github.com/nd31pr0/Odin_calculator_Project) [HTML | CSS | JavaScript]
* [Sixth Project - Sign-up Form](https://github.com/nd31pr0/odin-signup-form-project) [HTML | CSS |]
* [Seventh Project - Admin Dashboard](https://github.com/nd31pr0/Admin-Dashboard) [HTML | CSS | JavaScript]
* [Eighth Project -Library Project](https://github.com/nd31pr0/Library-Project)[HTML | CSS | JavaScript]
* [Nineth Project - Weather App](https://github.com/nd31pr0/Weather-App)
[HTML | CSS | JavaScript]
* [Tenth Project - Recursion(Fibonacci)](https://github.com/nd31pr0/MergeSort)
[HTML | CSS | JavaScript]

Commit message:

include project description in README

README.md, after:

# Project Title
- Recursion.

## Description
- The project gives a headsup into the use of recursion is solving problems in computer science. Particularly, the fibonacci series is observed and the mergesort algorithm is built as well.


## Project Instructions:

- First up create a file and tackle the fibonacci sequence:

Using iteration, write a function fibs which takes a number and returns an array containing that many numbers from the Fibonacci sequence. Using an example input of 8, this function should return the array [0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13].
- Now write another function fibsRec which solves the same problem recursively.
Test both versions of your functions by passing in various lengths as arguments.
Hopefully you were able to solve the problem with recursion! 

- Build a function mergeSort that takes in an array and returns a sorted array, using a recursive merge sort methodology. An input of [3, 2, 1, 13, 8, 5, 0, 1] should return [0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13], and an input of [105, 79, 100, 110] should return [79, 100, 105, 110]



## Sample Output of the work

![\[Output Image\](output_img.png)](Images/output_img.png)


## The Odin Project (Web development) Completed projects
 
* [First Project - Recipes](https://github.com/nd31pr0/odin-recipes) [basic HTML]
* [Second Project - Landing Page](https://github.com/nd31pr0/Landing_Page) [HTML | Basic CSS + flexbox]
* [Third Project](https://github.com/nd31pr0/Etch-a-Sketch) - Rock Paper Scissors [HTML | CSS | Basic JavaScript]
* [Fourth Project - Etch-a-Sketch](https://github.com/nd31pr0/Etch-a-Sketch) [HTML | CSS | Basic JavaScript + events]
* [Fifth Project - Calculator](https://github.com/nd31pr0/Odin_calculator_Project) [HTML | CSS | JavaScript]
* [Sixth Project - Sign-up Form](https://github.com/nd31pr0/odin-signup-form-project) [HTML | CSS |]
* [Seventh Project - Admin Dashboard](https://github.com/nd31pr0/Admin-Dashboard) [HTML | CSS | JavaScript]
* [Eighth Project -Library Project](https://github.com/nd31pr0/Library-Project)[HTML | CSS | JavaScript]
* [Nineth Project - Weather App](https://github.com/nd31pr0/Weather-App)
[HTML | CSS | JavaScript]
* [Tenth Project - Recursion(Fibonacci)](https://github.com/nd31pr0/MergeSort)
[HTML | CSS | JavaScript]
